docs: update `add subnet` article to guide the user to use the subnets tab (#971)
devopness/devopness: docs/subnets/add-subnet.md

1. Find the `Networks` card
1. Click `View` in the `Networks` card, to see a list of existing `Networks`
1. In the list of networks find the network where you want to add a subnet and click the `NAME` of the network
1. On the upper-right corner of network details view, click the `Subnets` tab
1. On the upper-right corner of subnets tab click `MANAGE`
1. Follow the prompts
1. Provide a name to the Subnet being added. Example: "Public Subnet A", "Private Subnet B"
1. Select a `Type` and click `NEXT`
1. Provide a CIDR block to the Subnet being added. Example: "10.108.0.0/20"
1. Click `CONFIRM`

>     - For the new `Subnet`, it will be started the provision action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - After the Subnet is created an action will be automatically started to provision the Subnet on the chosen cloud provider
```

> 1. In the `Subnets` tab, the recently created `Subnet` can be seen

Reviewer: After creating a subnet user is redirected to action viewer running `subnet:provision` action, therefore there is no "subnets tab" to be seen, thus this tab should not be mentioned here.
```suggestion
```
